{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Final Project Idea - Jennifer Belser\
\
CatMatch// InstaCat// Catstagram// Moody Kitty\
\
What it is: Cute game that basically you have a few personality traits, characteristics, or current mood:\
\
Excited\
Chill\
Sleepy\
Playful \
Angry\
Affectionate\
\
etc.. These could either be a dropdown menu or buttons that you would click, or even clickable boxes. Alternatively, maybe it shows you an image on hover. Just thinking out loud. \
\
You would pick your mood and it would match you with an Instagram cat to follow or a funny cat IG video. There would be multiple cat options per mood-choice, so it would need to be randomized in that way, that way if someone clicks the same mood multiple times, they don\'92t get the same cat over and over. Not sure how to implement that.\
\
I want to do something very playful and fun that compiles all of what we\'92ve learned in a cohesive manner. I can see this using something like floats/clears, flex box (when we learn it), as well as JS. Maybe when you click on the mood, you hear a \'93meow\'94. Basically, I want to make people happy and laugh with this, but also think that it is needs to be visually well done and cool. I still want it to have a chic visual appeal, even if the concept is sort of cheesy. \
}